Write a javascript with the following requirement.

1. This is for projecting 3D coordinate onto 2d canvas
2. Use math.js library for math operations if necessary and assume that math.js file is located at mathjs/math.js
3. create a table at the center of the page. Gridlines of the table should be visible and thin.
4. the table has three rows and one column, make grid visible in thin line. Display every component in a cell in one line
5. In the first cell, put a textbox that can take in a number named as 'ViewDistance' and a button named as 'Draw'. The default value of ViewDistance is 5
6. In the second cell, put a textbox that can take in a number named as 'Azimuth' and put another textbox that can take in a number named as 'Elevation'. Both of the textbox should have spin button with step = 5
7. In the third cell, put a canvas with the size of 400x400 pixels. Do not put any background in the canvas. the background should be all white.
8. Draw following 3D object which are projected onto 2D canvas. This should apply the ViewDistance and ViewAngle (Azimuth, Elevation)
9. define a function called p2dtop3d(p3x,p3y,p3z,r,va,ve) that project a 3d point to a 2d point applying the distance and viewing angle.where (p3x,p3y,p3z) is a 3d point, r is distance from the origin and va is azimuth angle and ve is elevation in angle. all the angle is in degree
10. define a function called DrawCube(dim,cx,cy,cz,r,va,ve) that draw a cube, where dim indicates the length of each side of the cube and (cx,cy,cz) at the center of the cube, where r is distance from the origin and va is azimuth angle and ve is elevation in angle. all the angle is in degree. use p2dtop3d() for the projection.
11. define a function called DrawAxis(dim,r,va,ve) that draw axis at the origin (0,0,0). The range of x,y,z are all between -dim and +dim, where r is distance from the origin and va is azimuth angle and ve is elevation in angle. all the angle is in degree. use p2dtop3d() for the projection.
12. set the range of canvas to be -3 <= x <= 3 and -3 <= y <= 3 using scale() and translation()
13. do following when 'Draw' button is clicked.
     a). draw an x,y,z axis. The range of axis is all between -2 and +2 using DrawAxis() function
     b). draw a cube with every sides = 2 centered at the origin. Use drawCube()
14. javascript for the plot should be stored in a separate file
15. do not use css.
16. Create an html file that combines all of these components
